( laughing )
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
OH, NOTHING.
NO, IT'S
AN ACTING EXERCISE
I'M PRACTICING
MY FAKE LAUGH.
OH.
( laughing )
WHAT? WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
Gunther:
OH, NO, NO.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
THERE'S NONE
OF THAT IN HERE.
OH, COME ON, MAN.
AT LEAST LET ME FINISH
THIS LAST ONE.
OKAY. BUT ONLY IF YOU
GIVE ME A DRAG.
OKAY.
OH...
OH, DARK MOTHER.
ONCE AGAIN I SUCKLE
AT YOUR SMOKY TEAT.
NO, NO.
WHY DON'T YOU
HOLD ON TO THAT ONE?
( sighs )
OKAY, THAT'S LIKE,
THE LEAST FUN GAME EVER.
WELL, I'M REALLY SICK
OF YOUR SMOKING
SO I BROUGHT SOMETHING
THAT IS GOING
TO HELP YOU QUIT.
OH.
NOPE. THAT PATCH
IS NO GOOD.
( fake laughter )
COME ON, IT'S
A HYPNOSIS TAPE.
THIS WOMAN AT WORK USED IT
FOR TWO WEEKS STRAIGHT
AND SHE HASN'T
SMOKED SINCE.
HUH!
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?
NOTHING. IT'S JUST THAT
HYPNOSIS IS BEYOND CRAP.
ROSS, I WATCHED YOU
GET HYPNOTIZED
IN ATLANTIC CITY.
HEY, THAT GUY DID NOT
HYPNOTIZE ME, OKAY?
RIGHT. YOU ALWAYS
PULL YOUR PANTS DOWN
ON THE COUNT OF THREE
AND PLAY
"WIPE OUT"
ON YOUR BUTT CHEEKS.
ALL RIGHT.
FORGET HYPNOSIS.
THE WAY TO QUIT SMOKING
IS YOU HAVE TO DANCE NAKED
IN A FIELD OF HEATHER
AND THEN BATHE IN THE SWEAT
OF SIX HEALTHY YOUNG MEN.
OR WHAT MY FATHER CALLS
THURSDAY NIGHT.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
THANK YOU.
HERE YOU GO.
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DIDN'T WANT
CINNAMON ON THIS.
SORRY.
HI.
OH, MY GOD!
HI!
FRANK! HI!
HOW ARE YOU?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
WELL, YOU KNOW
I WOULD HAVE CALLED
BUT I LOST
YOUR PHONE NUMBER
AND THEN, MY MOM LOCKED ME
OUT OF THE HOUSE
SO I COULDN'T FIND IT
AND THEN, I TRIED
TO FIND A PAY PHONE
AND THE RECEIVER
WAS CUT OFF, SO...
WELL, WHAT HAPPENED?
UH... OH.
UH, VANDALISM.
BUT ALSO... WHAT HAPPENED
BETWEEN YOU AND YOUR MOM?
WELL, WE GOT IN A FIGHT
UH, 'CAUSE SHE SAID I WAS
TOO IMMATURE TO GET MARRIED.
YOU'RE GETTING MARRIED?!
OH, YEAH, YEAH.
OH, MY GOD!
MY LITTLE BROTHER'S
GETTING MARRIED!
YEAH.
I KNEW YOU'D BE
SO COOL ABOUT THIS.
HEY, DO YOU WANT
TO MEET HER?
DO I?!
DO YOU?
YEAH, I DO! YEAH!
OKAY, COOL! ALL RIGHT!
SHE'S JUST, UH,
PARKING THE TRUCK.
I'M GOING TO...
I'M GOING TO GO GET MY, UH...
MY FIANCEE, MAN!
I WOULD HAVE BET
GOOD MONEY
THAT HE'D BE THE FIRST ONE
OF US TO GET MARRIED.
ISN'T IT FANTASTIC?
YEAH, BUT DON'T YOU THINK
HE'S A LITTLE
YOUNG TO GET MARRIED?
WELL, HE'S 18.
IT WILL BE
ILLEGAL FOR HIM TO DRINK
AT HIS OWN BACHELOR PARTY.
YEAH, OR TO GET
A HOOKER.
ALWAYS ILLEGAL, JOE.
HEY... THIS
IS, UH...
MY FIANCEE, MRS. KNIGHT.
( nervous laugh )
Frank:
THAT'S, UH...
THAT'S MY SISTER.
YOU KNOW, IT'S FUNNY.
FRANK'S TOLD ME
SO MUCH ABOUT YOU
BUT YOU'RE NOT HOW I
PICTURED YOU AT ALL.
YEAH. I'M A BIG SURPRISE.
HERE YOU GO.
OH, THANK YOU.
OH, YEAH.
GRAB A SEAT.
SO, UH, HOW DID
YOU GUYS MEET?
WELL, UM
I WAS IN MRS. KNIGHTS'...
I MEAN ALICE. SORRY.
ALICE. I ALWAYS DO THAT.
( nervous laugh )
YOU KNOW...
I WAS IN HER HOME EC CLASS.
AND HE WAS MY BEST STUDENT.
YEAH, SHE WAS
MY BEST TEACHER.
OH!
IF THAT DOESN'T KEEP
KIDS IN SCHOOL, WHAT WILL?
AND SO NOW YOU GUYS
ARE GOING TO BE MARRIED.
YEAH. YOU KNOW
WE TALKED ABOUT
JUST LIVING TOGETHER
BUT, UM...
WE WANT TO HAVE KIDS
RIGHT AWAY!
( Alice laughs )
OH, MY GOD.
GREAT!
WOW. KIDS. FRANK, ARE YOU
SURE YOU'RE READY FOR THAT?
HOW HARD CAN IT BE?
YOU KNOW, I MEAN,
YOU KNOW... BABIES.
WHO DOESN'T
WANT BABIES, RIGHT?
AND BESIDES,
YOU KNOW
I NEVER HAD A DAD AROUND
AND NOW I ALWAYS WILL
'CAUSE, YOU KNOW,
IT WILL BE ME, RIGHT?
( both laugh )
YOU KNOW, WE DO REALIZE
THAT THERE'S AN AGE
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN US.
GOOD, 'CAUSE YOU WERE
ACTING LIKE YOU DIDN'T.
OH, NO, BUT WHEN IT
COMES TO LOVE
WHAT DOES AGE MATTER?
( growls )
( snarls )
( laughs )
MM...
Woman:
You are falling fast asleep.
Deeper... deeper... deeper...
You are now completely asleep.
You don't need to smoke.
Cigarettes don't control you.
You are a strong,
confident woman
who does not need to smoke.
A strong, confident woman...
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
IN THE LAST YEAR, I'VE ONLY
GONE OUT WITH TWO GUYS:
RICHARD AND JULIO
YOU GOT TO HELP ME OUT.
SET ME UP. GET ME
BACK IN THE GAME.
THAT SHOULDN'T BE
A PROBLEM.
I MEAN, I WORK IN FASHION,
AND ALL I MEET
ARE ELIGIBLE STRAIGHT MEN.
PETE, CAN I GET YOU
SOMETHING ELSE?
I'LL HAVE A SLICE
OF CHEESECAKE AND A DATE
IF YOU'RE GIVING THEM OUT.
HAVEN'T YOU AND I
COVERED THAT TOPIC?
COME ON. YOU JUST
SAID TO HER...
YOU ONLY WANT
TO GO OUT WITH ME
BECAUSE OF MY WIG AND BOOBS
AND THE FACT THAT
I SERVE YOU FOOD.
WELL, IF THAT WERE TRUE,
I'D BE DATING
MY AUNT RUTH.
AND THE TWO TIMES
WE WENT OUT
IT WAS JUST PLAIN AWKWARD.
YOU THINK SHE SHOULD
GO OUT WITH ME, DON'T YOU?
( laughs )
WELL, ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT
TO GO OUT WITH HER?
THAT AIN'T A PRETTY PICTURE
IN THE MORNING
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
THAT WIG
ALL IN DISARRAY AND...
BOOBS FLUNG OVER
THE NIGHTSTAND.
OH, YEAH.
I MEAN, REALLY.
THINK ABOUT IT.
OH-HO, I WILL.
NO, I KNOW, I KNOW
THAT THIS IS FRANK'S LIFE,
YOU KNOW?
I DON'T WANT TO BE
ALL JUDGMENTAL
BUT THIS IS SICK.
IT'S SICK AND WRONG!
PHEEBS, WHAT--
IS IT THE AGE THING?
NO, NO. I'M FINE
WITH THE AGE THING
UNTIL IT STARTS STICKING
ITS TONGUE
DOWN MY LITTLE
BROTHER'S THROAT.
PHEEBS, HE SEEMS
TO ENJOY IT.
BUT DO YOU THINK
HE'S GOING TO ENJOY IT
WHEN HE'S UP TO HIS ELBOWS
IN THE DIAPERS
OF ALL THE BABIES
THEY HAVE TO HAVE
RIGHT AWAY?
THIS IS NOT
FAIR TO FRANK
AND IT'S NOT FAIR
TO THE BABIES
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT'S NOT GOOD HOME ECONOMICS.
WELL, HAVE YOU TOLD HIM
HOW YOU FEEL?
YES.
NOT OUT LOUD.
Ross:
LOOK, PHEEBS
IF YOU DON'T TELL HIM
SOON HE'S GOING
TO BE MARRIED
AND YOU'RE GOING
TO HATE YOURSELF.
YEAH, BUT IF I DO TELL HIM,
THEN HE'S GOING TO HATE MYSELF.
I MEAN, LOOK AT HIM AND HIS MOM.
I CAN'T.
BUT YOU GUYS CAN.
PLEASE, YOU GOT TO TALK
HIM OUT OF IT.
Both:
NO, NO, NO, NO...
COME ON, YOU GUYS!
YOU HAVE... YOU...
YOU HAVE NOTHING TO LOSE.
I HAVE EVERYTHING TO LOSE.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO LOSE EVERYTHING?
EVERYTHING?
Both ( softly ):
NO.
OKAY. I'M GOING
TO GO GET FRANK.
SO, WE'RE WALKING
DOWN THE STREET
AND I TURN TO YOU
AND I SAY
"HEY! LET'S GO HANG OUT
AT TOTALLY NUDE NUDES."
REMEMBER? AND THEN...
AND THEN YOU TURN TO ME
AND YOU SAY
"NAH. LET'S JUST HANG OUT
AT YOUR PLACE."
WELL, THAT WAS
A NICE MOVE, DUMB ASS.
I THINK YOU SHOULD
DEFINITELY GO OUT
WITH THIS GUY.
NAH. HE JUST DOESN'T
DO ANYTHING FOR ME.
MONICA, LAST SATURDAY NIGHT
WHAT HAPPENED
ON WALKER, TEXAS RANGER?
WELL, WALKER WAS LOOKING
FOR THIS BIG BUSLOAD OF KIDS...
HE WAS...
ALL RIGHT. I GET YOUR POINT.
AM I RIGHT?
HI.
Monica:
HEY.
YOU KNOW, I FORGOT
THE COMBINATION TO THIS
ABOUT A YEAR AGO.
I JUST CARRY IT AROUND.
YOU GOT ANY CHAP STICK?
UH, YEAH.
HOW ARE THOSE TAPES
WORKING OUT?
PRETTY GOOD. GOOD!
I HAVEN'T SMOKED
YET TODAY.
I FEEL GREAT
AND CONFIDENT...
THAT IS
A STUNNING BLOUSE.
THANK YOU.
HERE YOU GO.
THANKS.
HEY, MON.
LET'S GIVE PETE
A CHANCE.
COME ON. HE WAS FUNNY.
HE SEEMS REALLY NICE
AND THAT CHECK THING
WAS ADORABLE.
WHAT CHECK THING?
AS A JOKE,
THIS CUSTOMER AT WORK
WHO HAS A CRUSH ON ME
GAVE ME A $20,000 TIP.
HIS NUMBER'S
ON THE CHECK.
HE JUST DID IT
SO I'D CALL.
PETE BECKER.
PETE...
IS THIS HIM?
THAT'S BILL CLINTON.
WHO IS HE HUGGING?
OH, MY GOD.
THAT'S PETE!
WHY IS BILL
HUGGING PETE?
THIS GUY INVENTED
MOSS 865.
EVERY OFFICE IN THE WORLD
USES THAT PROGRAM.
WE USE IT!
THERE YOU GO.
OH, MY GOD. MONICA'S
GOING TO GO OUT
WITH A MILLIONAIRE.
NO. I'M NOT GOING
TO GO OUT WITH HIM.
MY GOD. I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS
IS A REAL $20,000 CHECK.
THIS IS JUST
SO EXCITING.
OR INCREDIBLY OFFENSIVE.
WELL, YEAH.
SURE, THAT, TOO.
WHAT?
ALL WE'RE SAYING IS
DON'T RUSH INTO ANYTHING.
YEAH. COME ON,
THINK ABOUT IT.
YOU'RE 18, OKAY?
SHE'S 44.
WHEN YOU'RE 36,
SHE'S GOING TO BE 88.
WHAT, YOU DON'T THINK
I KNOW THAT?
LOOK, THE POINT IS
THERE'S A LOT
OF WOMEN OUT THERE
YOU HAVEN'T EVEN
HAD SEX WITH YET.
YEAH. HE'S RIGHT.
HE'S RIGHT.
THIS IS YOUR TIME,
YOU KNOW?
YOU'RE YOUNG,
YOU'RE WEIRD...
CHICKS DIG THAT.
OKAY, BUT ISN'T SEX BETTER
WHEN IT'S WITH ONE PERSON THAT
YOU REALLY, REALLY CARE ABOUT?
YEAH, IN A POEM, MAYBE.
NO, THE MAN'S RIGHT.
THAT'S WHAT I HAD
WITH RACHEL.
YOU DON'T HAVE IT ANYMORE?
NO, I UH...
I SLEPT WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
OKAY, SO WAIT.
ALL RIGHT.
SO HOW DID THAT
MAKE THINGS BETTER?
IT DIDN'T.
OKAY, SO WHAT YOU USED
TO HAVE WITH RACHEL
IS WHAT I GOT WITH ALICE.
WHAT IS
THAT LIKE?
IT'S SO COOL, MAN.
IT'S 'CAUSE BEING WITH HER
IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN, LIKE...
NOT BEING WITH HER.
YEAH, YEAH.
WHY CAN'T I FIND THAT?
DON'T ASK ME.
I HAD IT AND I BLEW IT.
WELL, I WANT IT!
YOU CAN HAVE IT!
MAYBE I CAN'T.
MAYBE THERE'S SOMETHING
WRONG WITH ME.
NO, IT'S OUT THERE, MAN.
I'VE SEEN IT.
I GOT IT.
THEN YOU HOLD
ON TO IT!
ALL RIGHT, MAN!
ALL RIGHT, CONGRATULATIONS!
YOU LUCKY BASTARD!
YOUR FRANK'S BEST MAN?!
I COULDN'T HELP IT.
THEIR LOVE IS SO PURE.
WELL,
WHAT ABOUT YOU, HUH?
I'M THE RING BEARER.
( knocking )
OH, ALICE, HI.
I'M SO GLAD
YOU COULD COME.
I GOT A REAL
HOME EC EMERGENCY.
OH, MY GOD.
WHO DIED ON THIS?
YEAH, YEAH, I KNOW.
IT'S A REAL MUSTARD-TASTROPHE.
( laughing )
CAN YOU HELP ME?
ABSOLUTELY.
FIRST WE'LL START WITH
A LITTLE CLUB SODA AND SALT.
IF THAT DOESN'T WORK,
THEN WE CAN GO BACK TO...
FORGET IT. IT'S RUINED.
OH, NO, NEVER SAY THAT.
IF YOU CAN'T GET IT OUT,
YOU CAN CUT AROUND THE STAIN
ADD A LITTLE LACE,
YOU MAKE A STYLISH THROW.
OR INSTEAD, MAYBE
YOU COULD JUST NOT
MARRY MY BROTHER FRANK.
OKAY, THAT'S GREAT,
BUT COULD WE MAKE IT SMALLER?
CAN WE MAKE IT FIT
ON THE HEAD OF A PIN?
I LOVE WHEN WE MAKE THINGS
FIT ON THE HEAD OF A PIN.
( intercom buzzes )
You have
a Ms. Monica Geller here.
UH, ABSOLUTELY, YEAH.
SEND HER IN.
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
HANG ON FOR A SEC.
I'LL TALK TO YOU
IN THE MORNING?
You got it.
I'M SORRY. WHAT?
SERIOUSLY-- WHAT IS
THIS SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
WELL, YOU KNOW--
I NEVER KNOW HOW MUCH TO TIP.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO
DOUBLE THE TAX...
NOT DOUBLE THE TAX
OF ROMANIA.
WHAT'S THE DEAL?
ARE YOU TRYING TO BUY ME?
IS THIS THE WAY YOU GET GIRLS
TO GO OUT WITH YOU?
Uh... I'm still here.
YOU'RE TAKING THIS
ALL WRONG, BECAUSE IF
I DIDN'T LEAVE YOU THAT TIP,
YOU WOULDN'T HAVE COME DOWN HERE
WE WOULDN'T BE
HAVING THIS ARGUMENT
AND THERE WOULDN'T BE
THIS HEAT BETWEEN US.
WHAT?
COME ON, YOU GOT TO, UH, ADMIT
THAT OUR RELATIONSHIP
IS HITTING A NEW LEVEL NOW
'CAUSE YOU USED TO BE,
LIKE, THE CHEF
AND I WAS THE CUSTOMER
BUT NOW WE'RE LIKE
THIS-THIS COUPLE THAT FIGHTS.
OKAY, UM, YOU'RE A LOON,
YOU KNOW?
LOOK, FORGET THE CHECK, OKAY?
I LIKE YOU.
I THINK YOU'RE GREAT.
COME ON, WHAT DO YOU SAY?
I DON'T KNOW...
WHY NOT?
'CAUSE I DON'T WANT TO ENCOURAGE
THIS KIND OF BEHAVIOR.
ONE MEAL?
THAT'S ALL I'M ASKING FOR.
PLEASE?
WE GO OUT, WE EAT
AND IF YOU DON'T
HAVE A GOOD TIME
I GIVE YOU TEN GRAND,
WE CALL IT EVEN.
HI...
( screaming )
GOD! NO!
WAIT. JUST PUT THE MAIL DOWN.
IT'S ME.
OKAY. SORRY.
WHY WERE YOU JUST, LIKE,
ALL IN THE DARK?
OH, WELL, UM, YOUR-YOUR
LAUNDRY SMELLED SO GOOD
THAT I THOUGHT
I'D CURL UP IN IT.
IS THAT ALL RIGHT?
OH, YEAH. SURE.
SO, HOW WAS YOUR DAY?
WELL, JUST PROBABLY
THE WORST ONE
SINCE I'VE BEEN ALIVE.
WHAT, UM, WHAT HAPPENED?
UM...
ALICE, UH...
SHE, UH...
CALLED IT OFF.
OH, NO.
DID, UM, DID SHE SAY WHY?
UH, NO, NOT REALLY.
JUST THAT I WAS TOO YOUNG.
BUT I DON'T SEE HOW I COULD
ALL OF A SUDDEN BE TOO YOUNG
'CAUSE I'M OLDER THAN I WAS
WHEN WE FIRST GOT TOGETHER.
YEAH, YEAH.
NO, I DON'T...
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE IT'S JUST ALL
FOR THE BEST.
YEAH, IF... THE BEST IS,
LIKE, UNBELIEVABLE PAIN.
OH, SWEETIE...
OH...
YOU KNOW, I WAS JUST
FINALLY HAPPY, YOU KNOW?
FOR WAS THE FIRST TIME
IN MY LIFE...
AFTER MY DAD LEFT ME...
AND THEN... AND THEN...
GETTING ARRESTED
FOR STEALING THOSE BIRDS...
AND THEN THE...
AND THEN THE... WHOLE
PUNCTURED LUNG THING...
I CAN ST...
IT'S STILL REALLY HARD
TO TAKE DEEP BREATHS
IN COLD WEATHER
BUT WITH ALICE, ALL THAT
STUFF KIND OF WENT AWAY.
AND NOW IT'S...
NOW IT'S GONE,
AND I DON'T KNOW WHY!
UH, WELL,
I CAN TELL YOU WHY.
IT'S-IT'S BECAUSE OF ME.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I ONLY DID IT BECAUSE
I LOVE YOU, OKAY?
WHAT?
UM... WELL, I...
I KIND OF HAD
A LITTLE CHAT WITH ALICE
AND I SORT OF MADE HER SEE WHY
YOU TWO SHOULDN'T BE TOGETHER.
YOU'RE GOING
TO SEE IT, TOO, ONE DAY.
YOU REALLY, REALLY WILL.
WAIT A MINUTE. WAIT.
THIS IS BECAUSE OF YOU?
OKAY...
WAIT, NO.
MY MOTHER DIDN'T WANT
US TO BE TOGETHER
BUT THE WORST THING
SHE EVER DID
WAS TIE ME TO THE PORCH.
OKAY, BUT...
WAIT, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I-I CAME TO YOU
'CAUSE I THOUGHT
YOU'D UNDERSTAND!
OH, NO, I...
YOU KNOW? OH...
I WOULD STORM OUT OF HERE
RIGHT NOW
IF I HAD SOME MONEY
OR A PLACE TO GO.
( doorbell rings )
OH, MY GOD.
THE MILLIONAIRE'S HERE...
OH, MY GOD!
YOU GUYS, PLEASE?
I'M JUST HAVING
DINNER WITH HIM.
OKAY, OKAY, JUST BECAUSE
HE BUYS YOU DINNER
DOES NOT MEAN YOU
OWE HIM ANYTHING.
I KNOW.
OKAY, THEN GET THE LOBSTER.
HEY.
HI.
HEY, HOW MUCH
CASH YOU GOT
IN YOUR POCKET
RIGHT NOW?
AND THAT'S WHY I'M NOT
INVITING YOU IN FOR A DRINK.
BYE!
WHY NOT?
WAIT!
WHY NOT A DRINK?
WHERE DO YOU
WANT TO GO?
WELL, YOU LIKE PIZZA?
OH... THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
I KNOW A GREAT LITTLE PLACE.
HEY, YOU'RE NOT PAYING
FOR THE PIZZA.
OH, COME ON,
IT'S ONLY FAIR.
YOU PAID FOR THE FLIGHT.
NOW, IS THAT ENOUGH LIRA?
UH, I'D THROW ANOTHER
THOUSAND ON THERE.
WELL, HOW MUCH IS THAT?
THAT'S ABOUT 60 CENTS.
OH!
OOH...
( groaning ):
EVERY NIGHT..!
Woman:
You don't need to smoke.
Cigarettes don't control you.
You're a strong,
confident woman
who does not need to smoke.
A strong, confident woman
HEY, FRANK.
LOOK, OKAY, I KNOW
THAT YOU THINK
I DID THIS, LIKE, TOTALLY
EVIL THING, BUT I SO DIDN'T.
THERE'S SOMEONE HERE
WHO I THINK
COULD EXPLAIN THIS
BETTER THAN I CAN.
HI, FRANK.
HI...
MRS. KNIGHT.
PHOEBE'S RIGHT, FRANK.
I KNOW IT'S HARD TO HEAR
BUT IT WOULD HAVE BEEN WRONG
TO GO THROUGH WITH IT.
I WAS BEING SELFISH.
EVEN THOUGH WE WANT
THE SAME THINGS
RIGHT NOW
IN THE FUTURE...
WE MAY NOT.
IS THAT IT?
IS THAT WHAT IT IS?
YES, BUT NOT JUST THAT.
RIGHT. NOT JUST THAT...
UM...
EVEN THOUGH...
WE LOVE EACH OTHER
AS MUCH AS WE DO
NONETHELESS...
UM...
YOU'RE TOO YOUNG TO...
TO REALLY KNOW WHAT
YOU WANT...
ALL RIGHT, EXACTLY.
ALL RIGHT, IT'S A GOOD-BYE KISS.
THAT'S GOOD.
BYE-BYE.
OKAY, NO, THE IMPORTANT THING IS
IS THAT YOU SEE WHAT I'M SAYING.
YOU KNOW, JUST,
YOU KNOW...
THIS IS CLEARLY WRONG.
OKAY, I'VE DECIDED I'M GOING
TO LET THIS HAPPEN.
OKAY, CAN I JUST
GET MY PURSE?
MMM...
OKAY. ALL RIGHT. GOOD.
BYE.
Woman:
Cigarettes don't control you.
You're a strong,
confident woman
who does not need to smoke.
( click )
( rustling sounds )
Joey:
Joey's your best friend.
You want to make him
a cheese sandwich every day.
Ooh, ooh...
And you also want to buy him
hundreds of dollars worth
of pants.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]